Privacy Policy
==============

Which Matatu is a web service for updating and querying boarding and
drop off points of matatus in Kenya (also referred to herein as the
"Service"), owned and operated by Sizawi Ltd (the "Company", "we", or
"us"). We officially welcome you to the Service. A community of
commuters around Kenya and we invite you to participate in the Which
Matatu Community by sharing your knowledge with your fellow
travelers. Like all communities, we ask you to participate in a manner
that respects your fellow community members. To that end, we provide
you with these terms of service ("Terms") to advice you on the legal
obligations you assume when you engage with the community or otherwise
access or use the Service.

1. Introduction to our Privacy Policy
2. General Privacy Notice for Which Matatu
3. What Information do we Collect?

1. Introduction to our Privacy Policy

Which Matatu's Service can be accessed by users across various
locations including in jurisdictions which have specific privacy
requirements.

This privacy policy describes how we collect, use, protect, share and
transfer information about you when you use any of our products and
services, or otherwise interact with us.

Personal data is any information about you by which you can be
identified or be identifiable (either on its own or when combined with
other information). This can include information such as your name,
email address and username; information about your device (e.g. IP
address); and information relating to how you use and interact with
our website.

2. General Privacy Notice for Which Matatu

This Privacy Notice is applicable to you, including when you contact
our customer service, sales or other teams for assistance or
inquiries.

Our website allows user to engage in a community to share their
knowledge and expertise, and to gain knowledge and expertise. It is
community-moderated and the content in the website is public and
therefore visible for anyone to see and is subject to our Terms of
Use.

Below you will find details about the personal information we collect
about you when you use our Services and interact with us; how and why
we collect it, how we use it, and how we keep it secure.

The Privacy Policy tells you about your rights, how you can exercise
those rights, and how the law protects you.

Sizawi Ltd. is the controller responsible for your personal data
collected on the website or directly by us for our operational
purposes.

3. What Information do we Collect?

This section sets out the categories and details of personal
information that we collect across our Services.

We collect and process your personal information in order to offer the
Website, and to offer you our Services.

If you decline to provide us with personal information when we ask
you, you may not be able to access all or some of our Services, and
you may not be able to use the Website or Services. For example, if
you do not provide us with your email address or other information
required for account registration, we will not be able to register you
for certain account services.

We collect:

Identity Data
We collect information such as your username, email address, password,
IP address(collected at each site visit). This information is also
used to identify individual users the Website and to award activities
and attribute them to you. Your username and additional content you
provide, including your profile picture, stage pickup and drop off
points, and your reputation, are publicly visible. We, or our
community moderators may delete a route, a stage, a comment, or all of
them, and after deletion such information is only available to certain
community members.

Contact Data
Including email address and telephone numbers, where need arises, for
operational purposes including providing Services.

Technical Data
Including Internet Protocol(IP) address, your login data, traffic
data, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions,
time zone setting and location, operation system, and platform and
other communication data which gives us information about how you
accessed our Website. Other account information and usage information
including your IP address and browser data may be used for diagnosis,
security and Services' optimization.

Account Registration Information
When you register for a Which Matatu account, we collect your name and
email address, your username and any other additional information you
provide. We will generate a unique identification number that we will
use to recognize you when you are signed in. We need to collect your
personal information for account registration purposes. Although the
Website provides for anonymous and pseudonymous participation, in some
instances in order to use certain services, we require account
registration. This requires a name associated with your account, an
email address at which we can contact you, and in some cases,
additional information, including a contact address, a billing
address, and a password to help secure your personal information.

Billing Information
For Services requiring payment, we collect a billing name, phone
number and email address. If you elect to pay via credit card or
Mobile payment, we may elect to engage a third party to securely
process your payment. All payment processing is done through a PCI DSS
compliant third party. If customers are paying by a credit card, their
card details are vaulted through a third party payment gateway. Sizawi
will store an encrypted token along with the last four digits of the
credit card and the expiration month and year of the card and will not
store or retain any other billing information about you.

Profile Information
When completing a public "profile", whether it is for use with the
Website or our Services, we may require you to share certain
personally identifying information in required and optional profile
fields.
