Terms of Service
================

1. Introduction 2. Contracts are Binding and Legally Enforceable
3. Age Eligibility 4. Access to the Service 5. User Obligations
6. Content Permissions, Restrictions, and Creative Commons Licensing
7. Disclaimer and Warranties 8. Indemnification 9. Limitation of
Liability

By using our products, you agree to our terms of service.

Which Matatu is a web service for updating and querying boarding and
drop off points of matatus in Kenya (also referred to herein as the
"Service"), owned and operated by Sizawi Ltd (the "Company", "we", or
"us"). We officially welcome you to the Service. A community of
commuters around Kenya and we invite you to participate in the Which
Matatu Community by sharing your knowledge with your fellow
travelers. Like all communities, we ask you to participate in a manner
that respects your fellow community members. To that end, we provide
you with these terms of service ("Terms") to advice you on the legal
obligations you assume when you engage with the community or otherwise
access or use the Service. These terms govern the use of the Service.

1. Introduction

Please read these Terms carefully before using or accessing the
Service. The Terms constitute an agreement between the Company and you
and governs your permitted use of the Service including any product
that is part of the Service. By accessing or using the Service in any
manner, including without limitation by visiting or browsing the
website or registering an account on the Service, you affirm that you
have read, understand, and agree to be bound by these Terms, as well
as the Acceptable Use Policy and Privacy Policy. The Company reserves
the right, at its discretion, to modify these Terms at any time by
posting revised Terms on the Service and posting on the Service. You
shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such
modifications. Your access to or use of the Service following such
modifications constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions
of the Service as modified. To reiterate, for clarity, the Terms apply
to all who access or use the Services, including without limitation
users who contribute content, information, and other materials or
services, registered or otherwise.

PLEASE BE AWARE THAT BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE THAT ALL DISPUTES
BETWEEN YOU AND US WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION
AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR
CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION.

2. Contracts are Binding and Legally Enforceable

As stated above, the Terms constitute and agreement between the
Company and you and governs your use of the Service.

3. Age Eligibility

You must be at least 13 years old to access or use the Service,
including without limitation to complete an account registration. By
accessing or using the service in any manner you represent and warrant
that you are at least 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of
age, you may not, under any circumstances or for any reason, access or
use the Service in any manner, and may not provide any personal
information to or on the Service.

4. Access to the Service

Any user of the Service is welcome to participate in community
discussions, add and/or edit information on matatu boarding and drop
off points, share their hard earned knowledge with the Service
community participants, provided that they comply with the obligations
set forth in these Terms and to the extent that use of these Terms
does not conflict with the applicable laws, rules and regulations of
the users jurisdiction.

The Company reserves the right to refuse, suspend or terminate your
access to the Service if it determines, in its sole discretion, that
you have in any way violated these Terms or are otherwise ineligible
to access or use the Services. If your actions are determined by us to
violate these Terms, we may, at our own sole discretion, try to
remediate that violation by working with you individually, but is
under no obligation to do so, and if any such remediation efforts are
unsuccessful (at the Company's sole discretion), then the company may
revoke your rights to the Service. You are solely responsible for
ensuring that these Terms are in compliance with all laws, rules and
regulations applicable to you and the right to access the Service is
revoked where these Terms or use of the Service is prohibited or
conflicts with any applicable law, rule or regulation.

The Company will use reasonable efforts to make the Service available
24/7/365, but from time to time we may have scheduled or unscheduled
outages. Where feasible, we may, in our sole discretion, make efforts
to inform you about any outages and report on the nature and reason
for any outages that may occur in an open and transparent manner,
though we are under no obligation to do so, and in any case will not
be liable for any downtime.

5. User Obligations

- To access some of the Service's features, you will need to register
  for an account as an individual and consent to these Terms. If you
  do not consent to these Terms, we reserve the right to refuse,
  suspend, or terminate your access to the Service.

- You are solely responsible for ensuring that your account
  registration is complete and remains up to date. You have the right
  to discontinue use of, or terminate, your account whenever you like,
  and subject to our Privacy Policy, control the use and sharing of
  your account information. Please be aware that once you place
  content in the public sphere, you willingly give up some rights and
  control over such content.

- The Company strongly encourages you to review our Privacy Policy,
  which explains how we will handle, process and use your personal
  data, and with whom, and how we will share this data.

- Which Matatu is a community and we expect you to treat each member
  of the Which Matatu Community with respect. Whoever you are, we
  respect you and we welcome you. To prevent bad actors from creating
  a negative community experience, we have outlined what we believe to
  be common sense rules for community participation and reserve the
  right to pause or terminate your account if you engage in
  disruptive, abusive, or nefarious behavior outside of Which Matatu's
  Acceptable Use Policy, which is hereby incorporated into these
  Terms.

- You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment or
  ancillary services needed to connect to or access or use the
  Service, including without limitation modems, hardware, software,
  and long distance or local telephone service. You are solely
  responsible for ensuring that such equipment or ancillary services
  are compatible with the Service.

- Some premium or additional features of Which Matatu may require a
  payment obligation for access and use. You are solely responsible
  for ensuring that your payment obligations, if any, remain current
  and not in arrears. In the event that Which Matatu charges for
  features you will be clearly notified of the terms of any payment
  obligations and provided the opportunity to avoid such obligations
  before you incur any charges. Please note, however, that your
  refusal to accept payment obligations may result in your inability
  to access or use certain premium or additional features of Which
  Matatu.

6. Content Permissions, Restrictions, and Creative Commons Licensing

Service Content

All materials displayed or performed on the Service including but not
limited to text, graphics, logos, tools, photographs, images,
illustrations, software, audio and video, and animations (collectively
"Service Content") (other than Service Content posted by individuals
"Contributor Content") are the property of the Company and/or third
parties and are protected by Kenyan and International copyright laws.

All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to the
Company and/or third parties and use of the Service means you agree to
abide by all copyright notices, information and restrictions contained
in any Service Content accessed through the Service.

The Service is protected by copyright as collective work and/or
compilation, pursuant to Kenya Copyright laws, international
covenants, and other copyright laws. Other than as expressly set forth
in these Terms, you may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, upload,
participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as provided
in this Agreement), create derivative works based on, distribute,
perform, display, or in any way exploit any of the Service Content,
software, materials, or the Service in whole or in part.

Contributor Content

You agree any and all content, including without limitation any and
all text, graphics, logos, tools, photographs, image, illustrations,
input and product feedback (collectively "Content") that you provide
to the Service ("Contributor Content") is perpetually and irrevocably
licensed to Which Matatu on a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive
basis and you grant Which Matatu the perpetual and irrevocable right
and license to access, use, process, copy, distribute, export, display
and to commercially exploit such Contributor Content, even if such
Contributor Content has been contributed and subsequently removed by
you as reasonably necessary to, for example(without limitation):

- Provide, maintain and update the Service.

- Process lawful requests from law enforcement agencies and government
  agencies.

- Prevent and address security incidents and data security features,
  support features, and to provide technical assistance as it may be
  required.

- Aggregate data to provide product optimization.

This means you cannot revoke permission for Which Matatu to publish,
distribute, store and use such content and to allow others to have
derivative rights to publish, distribute, store and use such content.

7. Disclaimer and Warranties

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, WHICH MATATU DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
STATUTORY. THE COMPANY PROVIDES NO GUARANTEES THAT THE SERVICE WILL
FUNCTION WITHOUT INTERRUPTION OR ERRORS AND PROVIDES THE SERVICE AND
ANY RELATED CONTENT OR PRODUCTS SUBJECT TO THESE TERMS ON AN "AS IS"
BASIS.

8. Indemnification

You will indemnify and hold Which Matatu, its directors, officers,
employees, agents, consultants, contractors, partners, vendors and
service providers (including, without limitation, hosting and
telecommunications providers) harmless, including costs and attorneys'
fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or
arising out of your access to the Service, use of Which Matatu
products or services made available on the Service, your violation of
this Agreement, or your infringement or any third party using your
account, of any intellectual property right.

9. Limitation of Liability

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WHICH MATATU AND ITS
AFFILIATES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY,
NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY WITH RESPECT TO THE
SERVICE (I) FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR
PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, OPPORTUNITIES, REPUTATION,
PROFITS OR REVENUES, OR (II) FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF
KES. 100 IN THE AGGREGATE, EVEN IF WHICH MATATU OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE
BEEN TOLD OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF THESE
REMEDIES FAIL THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. NOTHING IN THIS LIMITATION OF
LIABILITY SHALL PREVENT THE COMPANY'S RIGHT TO SEEK AND OBTAIN
EQUITABLE RELIEF, NOTWITHSTANDING SUCH RIGHT OF EQUITABLE RELIEF, TO
THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT PERMIT SUCH LIMITATION OF
LIABILITY OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY, SUCH LIMITATION WILL APPLY TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

10. General Provisions

a) Assignment and Jurisdiction

Which Matatu reserves the right to assign our rights and obligations
under these Terms(in whole or in part) without your consent to a
corporate affiliate, or in connection with a merger, acquisition,
corporate restructure or reorganization, or due to the sale of all or
substantially all of our assets.

These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the Republic of Kenya. Both you and Which Matatu hereby
irrevocably agree to the sole and exclusive personal jurisdiction of
the courts of the Republic of Kenya with respect to any action, suit
or proceeding brought by it or against it by the other party in
connection to the Services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these Terms
shall not prevent either party from seeking injunctive relief with
respect to a violation of the confidentiality provisions and
indemnification provisions contained in these Terms. No shrinkwrap or
click-wrap terms contained in any purchase order or any Company form
shall apply to or supersede these Terms. In the event of any conflict
between the terms and conditions of these Terms and any such
shrinkwrap or click-wrap terms, the terms and conditions of the former
shall prevail.

b) Mandatory Arbitration

YOU AGREE THAT WITH RESPECT TO ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND THE
COMPANY OR ITS AFFILIATES OR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS,
EMPLOYEES(WHETHER OR NOT SUCH DISPUTE INVOLVES A THIRD PARTY) WITH
REGARD TO YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH US, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION
DISPUTES RELATING TO THESE TERMS, YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, AND/OR
YOUR RIGHTS OF PRIVACY AND/OR YOUR RIGHTS OF PUBLICITY, YOU AND THE
COMPANY SHALL FIRST CONSULT WITH EACH OTHER TO ATTEMPT TO RESOLVE SUCH
DISPUTE IN A MANNER SATISFACTORY TO BOTH PARTIES, AND THAT IF A
RESOLUTION IS NOT REACHED WITHIN NINETY(90) DAYS, THEN THE DISPUTE
SHALL BE REFERRED TO AND RESOLVED UNDER BINDING ARBITRATION. TO THE
EXTENT THAT YOU HAVE IN ANY MANNER VIOLATED OR THREATENED TO VIOLATE
OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, WE MAY SEEK INJUNCTIVE OR OTHER
APPROPRIATE RELIEF IN ANY COURT IN THE REPUBLIC OF KENYA. Neither you
or we will participate in a class action or class-wide arbitration for
any claims covered by this agreement to arbitrate. YOU ARE GIVING UP
YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AS A CLASS REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS MEMBER ON
ANY CLASS CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST US INCLUDING ANY RIGHT TO CLASS
ARBITRATION OR ANY CONSOLIDATION OF INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATIONS. You also
agree not to participate in claims brought in a private or
representative capacity, or consolidated claims involving another
person's account, if we are a party to the proceeding. Any provision
of applicable law notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have the
authority to award damages, remedies or awards that conflict with
these Terms. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the
contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of, related to or
connected with the use of these Terms must be filed within one(1) year
after such a claim of action arose or be forever banned.

You agree that, notwithstanding anything in the foregoing, any
arbitration proceeding between you and us will be conducted in
Nairobi, Kenya, that the language of arbitration will be in English,
and that all arbitration proceedings will considered confidential in
nature.

If you don't want to be bound by the arbitration and class action
waiver provisions in this section, you must notify us in writing
within thirty(30) days of the date that you first accept these
Terms(unless a longer period is required by applicable law), and then
you must litigate any disputes against us in accordance with the
"Assignment and Jurisdiction" section below. Your written notification
must be sent to us via email to sizawicompany@gmail.com. If you do not
notify us in accordance with this paragraph, you agree to be bound by
the terms of this section, including, without limitation, the
arbitration and class-action waiver provisions, and also including
such provisions in any modifications we make to these Terms after the
date of you first acceptance. Such notification must include (i) your
name (ii) your email address and (iii) a statement you do not wish to
resolve disputes with us through arbitration or your ability to
participate in a class action. If we make any changes to this
section(other than a change to the address at which we will receive
notices or rejections of future changes to this section), you may
reject any such change by sending us written notice, within thirty(30)
days of the change. It is not necessary to send us a rejection of a
future change to this section if you had properly opted out within the
first thirty(30) days after you first accepted the provisions in these
section. If you have not properly opted out, then by rejecting a
future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute
between us in accordance with the language of this section, as
modified by any changes you did not reject. A notification sent
pursuant to this paragraph solely affects these Terms; if you
previously entered into other arbitration or dispute resolution
agreements with us or enter into other such agreements in the future,
your notification that you are opting out of the provisions in this
section shall not affect the other arbitration agreements between you
and us.

c) Survival

The sections entitled "Introduction", "Contracts are Legally Binding
and Enforceable", "User Obligations", "Content Permissions,
Restrictions, and Creative Commons Licensing", "Disclaimer of
Warranties", "Indemnification", "Limitation of Liability", "Assignment
and Jurisdiction", "Mandatory Arbitration", "Survival", "Merger and
Severability", "Notices", "No Waiver", and "Headings" shall survive
any termination and expiration of these Terms.

d) Modifications

The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to replace
these Terms, as our business evolves over time and to better provide
the Services to the Which Matatu Community, or to change, suspend or
discontinue the Services at any time by posting a notice on the
website, sending you an email or by another appropriate means of
electronic communication.

e) Merger and Severability

The parties to these Terms are independent contractors and the Terms
shall not be construed to constitute any agency, partnership, joint
venture, or employment relationship between you and the Company. The
Terms represent the entire agreement between you and the Company and
supersede all prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications,
proposals, and representations with respect to the Services
contemplated hereunder. If any provisions of these Terms is held to be
invalid, void, unenforceable, or contrary to public policy, that
provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent
necessary so that the remaining provisions of these Terms shall remain
and continue in full force and effect.

f) Notices

Unless otherwise specified in these Terms, all notices under these
Terms will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given
when received; when return receipt is electronically confirmed, if
transmitted by email. Electronic notices should be sent to
sizawicompany@gmail.com.

g) No Waiver

Our failure to enforce any part of these Terms shall not constitute a
waiver of our right to later enforce that or any other part of these
Terms. Waiver of compliance in any particular instance does not mean
that we will waive compliance in the future. In order for any waiver
of compliance with these Terms to be binding, we must provide you with
written notice of such waiver through one of our authorized
representatives.

h) Headings

The sections and paragraph headings in these Terms are for
convenience only and shall not affect their interpretation.
